Hello Allice,

Have  you heard about  steganography?  I find  it very interesting and
want to share with you. Below is the introduction from Wiki.

Steganography is the practice of concealing a file, message, image, or
video  within  another  file,  message,  image,  or  video.  The  word
steganography  combines the  Greek words steganos,  meaning  "covered,
concealed, or protected," and graphein meaning "writing".

The  first recorded use of the term was in 1499 by Johannes Trithemius
in  his Steganographia, a  treatise on cryptography and steganography,
disguised as a book on magic. Generally, the hidden messages appear to
be (or  be  part of) something else: images, articles, shopping lists,
or  some other cover  text.  For example, the hidden message may be in
invisible ink  between  the visible  lines of a  private  letter. Some
implementations  of steganography  that lack a shared secret are forms
of   security  through  obscurity,  and  key-dependent  steganographic
schemes adhere to Kerckhoffs's principle.

The  advantage of  steganography over  cryptography alone is  that the
intended secret  message  does not  attract attention  to itself as an
object of  scrutiny. Plainly visible encrypted messages, no matter how
unbreakable they  are,  arouse  interest  and  may  in  themselves  be
incriminating in countries in which encryption is illegal.

Whereas  cryptography is the  practice of protecting the contents of a
message alone,  steganography  is concerned  with concealing  the fact
that a secret message is being sent as well as concealing the contents
of the message.

Steganography  includes the concealment of information within computer
files. In digital steganography, electronic communications may include
steganographic coding  inside of a transport layer, such as a document
file,  image file, program  or protocol.  Media  files are  ideal  for
steganographic transmission  because of their large size. For example,
a sender might start with an innocuous image file and adjust the color
of every  hundredth  pixel to  correspond to a letter in the alphabet.
The  change is so  subtle that someone who is not specifically looking
for it is unlikely to notice the change.

The first  recorded uses of steganography can be traced back to 440 BC
when  Herodotus mentions two examples in his Histories. Histiaeus sent
a message  to his vassal, Aristagoras, by shaving the head of his most
trusted servant,  "marking"  the message onto  his scalp, then sending
him on  his way once his hair had regrown, with the instruction, "When
thou  art come  to Miletus,  bid Aristagoras  shave thy head, and look
thereon."  Additionally, Demaratus  sent a warning about a forthcoming
attack to Greece by writing it directly on the wooden backing of a wax
tablet before applying its beeswax surface. Wax tablets were in common
use then as reusable writing surfaces, sometimes used for shorthand.

In  his work  Polygraphiae Johannes Trithemius developed his so-called
"Ave-Maria-Cipher" that can hide information in a Latin praise of God.
"Auctor  Sapientissimus Conseruans  Angelica  Deferat  Nobis  Charitas
Potentissimi  Creatoris"  for  example  contains  the  concealed  word
VICIPEDIA.

Bob